This way.
It's right here.
Wait.
It's all set. Don Minu.
We're going to find
your grandson. don't worry.
Where could your grandfather be?
I told you I don't know.
You know my grandfather
doesn't trust anyone.
There aren't many places for him to hide.
We can lay low here for a while.
I have a nice room for you.
With a beautiful view.
What should we eat tonight?
You think we're stupid?
You think the Curtigas
are a family of idiots?
You all have bad blood.
you. your father. your grandfather...
Wait!
The ship didn't sink.
The shipment's on its way. you hear me?
Ah. really?
My grandfather told me
the last time we saw each other.
Get him.
This way. come on.
Wait. sweetheart.
Duck down. go under.
Move over a bit. good boy.
Good morning.
- Where's the lady?
- She's upstairs.
- Give me a hand?
- Sure.
Thank you. Come here.
Straight ahead. into the courtyard.
We're nearly there.
- The lady?
- She's upstairs.
Thank you.
Domenico. hold on. we're nearly there.
Good morning.
- Where is she?
- In there.
- Keep an eye on my kid. please.
- Come.
- What's your name?
- Domenico.
My respects.
The Lord helps you.
He helps for real.
Here. Don Minu.
Find anything out?
There's no news from Stefano.
But I got this from Lucia.
Tell Bellantone to get Lucia.
Mico. come here.
Are you tired?
A little bit?
Everything's going to be fine.
don't worry. Okay?
Lucia.
Mico.
Mico!
Come on. come here.
Come.
All good? Let's go!
Little guy!
Hi. Shake my hand?
Good boy!
Let me hear you bark like a dog.
Louder.
Well done.
Were you waiting long?
No.
Don Minu...
Bellantone's sons
picked up Lucia and the boy.
Good.
That's good.
- We've arrived.
- There's a car.
There are no animals?
- Will you get the suitcase?
- I'll get it.
Come on. Mico.
Be careful.
Watch out.
Get some rest. Lucia.
Yes. thank you.
Mico. come in.
Let's go in.
Domenico.
Well?
Relax. Lucia.
If Stefano does as we say.
nothing will happen to you.
You gonna open that door or not?
- Stefano will get revenge.
- Sure...
Move. get in there!
Take it easy. Antonello!
Calm down.
What are you worried about?
Your father will understand. calm down.
Betraying Don Minu is the smartest
move for the Bellantone family.
- You've done the right thing.
- I know.
Don Minu is old.
the world's spinning backwards.
if we don't fix it. we'll disappear.
Right? What do you say. Palmiro?
It's like you say.
Let's go.
If you love your wife.
you better stop the fucking brokers.
Lucia. are you okay?
Slut!
The fuck you doing? Hitting my face?
You wanna save them?
I'll slit your throat!
I'm going to kill you!
Stop the fucking brokers.
Bye. Stefano.
Wait!
What was that?
- We can stop the brokers.
- Yeah? How?
- We can stop them.
- How? Tell me.
- I know where the cargo is.
- Really?
I know where the cargo is!
My grandfather told me
how to trace it.
Open the door. Gianpietro.
I didn't think my sons
would betray Don Minu.
At least let my son go.
My sons were wrong.
but they're my blood.
I can't abandon them.
They'll slit your throats. one by one.
Don Minu will make
the Bellantone family disappear.
- Good to see you. Stefano.
- Thanks. let's go.
- Pleased to see you.
- Pleasure's all mine.
Who's he?
He's with me.
Alright.
- Get in the car.
- Thanks.
How are things here?
They're good.
What's new up there?
How's Don Minu?
He's good.
I'm glad. Your wife and son?
The boy's six now.
Have you found the two brokers
who've got the shipment?
We'll figure it out.
I've already spoken to a friend.
- So. we know how?
- Of course.
There's a woman. Amina.
she's the fixer's daughter.
She works with him.
they've got an office down at the port.
- How much longer?
- A few minutes. we're nearly there.
Yasser. the father.
is the Lynwoods' fixer in Casablanca.
In my heart. I'm praying for you.
Here.
Amina?
Yes?
Can I help you?
I'm giving you what you want.
I don't get it.
Now give me your word
of honour in front of him
that you'll free Lucia and my son.
Word of honour.
Are we clear?
Yes.
- Hi. Dad.
- Hi. darling.
Later go fix everything at the port.
I have an appointment at Customs.
What are you doing here in the street?
Where are you?
Check nobody is following you.
Thanks. bye.
Where is it?
Ask him where it is.
- What did he say?
- Keep going.
Keep going straight.
And let's keep going.
Get that?
Yeah. but left. where?
He'll tell us.
Time two minutes. please.
Hello.
Can I help you?
Open it.
Come on!
Move!
Move.
What did he say?
Now what did he say?
I'm talking to you!
- He says the shipment's left.
- It's left?
And you knew it. Stefano.
- You think I knew?
- You knew.
Piece of shit!
You made me run around
like a fucking idiot.
Stop! Stop!
Stefano. come here.
Come here.
Calm down. Stefano.
Calm down.
Let's go.
Now you gotta do something.
Find your grandfather and kill him.
For Lucia and Domenico.
Let's go. guys.
Let's go!
Stefano. come on.
Get in the car. let's go!
Let's get out of this shithole.
We're going home.